introduce application domain and intended audience of the project 
For this project, I will made a database applcation that will help small restaurant owners manage different branches. The application is able to create orders and store the data to manage the orders for different tables throughout the day. It keeps track of the tables each server served and it generates a reciept at the end with details of that order. The manager with the password for edit function can edit each order and update feilds where nescesary. The intended audience is the owner of one or more restaurants, branch manager for each restaurant, and the servers at diffefernt braches. The customers are indrectly involved, but will not work directly with the application. 

Application Requirements: list and explain at least three to five substantial functionalities that will be implemented in your project. List and explain as many reasonable functionalities in your selected application domain as you like.
-create an order
-view details of a specific order
-edit an order after it has been submitted after providing a password
-calculate subtotal, calculate tax on subtotal, calculate total by adding subtotal and tax
-search for a specific order by its id

Database Design: identify what kind of data should be collected and maintained in your selected application domain. The data should at least be sufficient to support the functionalities you intend to implement.

For each order, we will collect the following:
Server's ID
Note (for allegeries or requests)
Dish name and price (for each dish ordered)
Drink name and price (for each drink ordered)
Table number

Draw the ER diagram and translate it into the database schema. The database schema can be presented as sql statements (create table statements).
Sample Data: present some sample data to be used to populate your database
Testing: sample run your program with different scenarios and present the results (and database changes) generated by your application.


